{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght1F40000;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght1AE0000;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNSMono-Light_YAXS1445581_wght1AE0000;\f5\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green15\blue15;\red252\green253\blue251;\red42\green42\blue39;
\red104\green102\blue97;\red241\green241\blue237;\red255\green255\blue255;\red224\green223\blue217;\red121\green23\blue28;
\red42\green42\blue39;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c7059\c7059;\cssrgb\c99216\c99216\c98824;\cssrgb\c21569\c21569\c20392;
\cssrgb\c48235\c47451\c45490;\cssrgb\c95686\c95686\c94510;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c90196\c89804\c87843;\cssrgb\c55294\c14510\c14510;
\cssrgb\c21569\c21569\c20392\c5098;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c80000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh17440\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs21 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Dispatch\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs21 \cf4 \cb3 Enable computer use\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs21 \cf4 \cb3 Code permissions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf4 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs21 \cf5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://claude.ai/api/organizations/93538f8d-4ace-45e8-ae5d-2da0169e6dce/files/019db065-d845-7542-ad49-0bf016796bfe/contents"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \cf4 \cb3 architecture-comparison.md}}
\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs21 \cf5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://claude.ai/api/organizations/93538f8d-4ace-45e8-ae5d-2da0169e6dce/files/019db065-d802-70b1-9038-1cc7665a425a/contents"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \cf4 \cb3 architecture-comparison.xlsx}}
\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs21 \cf5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://claude.ai/api/organizations/93538f8d-4ace-45e8-ae5d-2da0169e6dce/files/019db065-d904-7084-af22-7b7b353c1cf0/contents"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \cf4 \cb3 architecture.md}}
\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs21 \cf5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://claude.ai/api/organizations/93538f8d-4ace-45e8-ae5d-2da0169e6dce/files/019db065-d83b-7623-bf8a-f8259524cd42/contents"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \cf4 \cb3 user-stories.md}}
\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs21 \cf5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://claude.ai/api/organizations/93538f8d-4ace-45e8-ae5d-2da0169e6dce/files/019db065-d837-75ef-ac4d-bbfb1d6ed13a/contents"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \cf4 \cb3 roadmap.md}}
\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs21 \cf5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://claude.ai/api/organizations/93538f8d-4ace-45e8-ae5d-2da0169e6dce/files/019db065-d804-7376-8f89-9926fe4ebc75/contents"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \cf4 \cb3 themes-epics-features.md}}
\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs21 \cf5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://claude.ai/api/organizations/93538f8d-4ace-45e8-ae5d-2da0169e6dce/files/019db065-d8ba-747e-a92c-3785a17acf51/contents"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \cf4 \cb3 xrsize4all_concept.md}}
\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs21 \cf5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://claude.ai/api/organizations/93538f8d-4ace-45e8-ae5d-2da0169e6dce/files/019db065-d815-7130-ac14-9aa4c2ac0a11/contents"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \cf4 \cb3 dispatch-handoff.md}}
\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs21 \cf5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://claude.ai/api/organizations/93538f8d-4ace-45e8-ae5d-2da0169e6dce/files/019db065-d859-72c7-8f15-04847bfbdb63/contents"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \cf4 \cb3 ontology-plan.md}}
\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs18 \cf2 \cb6 Dispatch to Claude and check in from anywhere\'97a task, a code session, in one continuous thread.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs21 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf2 \cb6 Work with Claude, right on your computer\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb6 Claude can work with your files, browse in Chrome, and use connectors. Dispatch a task or a code session from the mobile app, and Claude will keep working as long as your computer stays awake.\cf2 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf4 \cb7 No \'97 still blocked. The allowlist hasn't changed for this session. The issue is that THIS Dispatch session was created before you changed the settings, and relaunching the desktop app doesn't restart this session \'97 it's the same conversation thread with the same network permissions it started with.\cb1 \
\cb7 This is a fundamental limitation: Dispatch is one continuous thread. The network settings it got when it was created stick with it forever. The only way to get a new Dispatch with updated settings is to delete this conversation and start fresh (which we discussed earlier).\cb1 \
\cb7 However \'97 the community research is mostly done. I gathered extensive findings from 8 web searches while you were away. Let me compile everything I found into the research doc now. I have enough from web search results to write a solid reference document.\cb1 \
\cb7 For the YouTube transcript specifically, that'll have to come through the Lifting Tracker project session (which does have the new settings) or the transcript download method.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb8 I changed it to allow all browser actions, check now\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb7 Still no. "Allow all browser actions" controls\'a0
\f3\b Claude in Chrome
\f2\b0 \'a0(browser automation) \'97 that's a different system from the\'a0
\f3\b sandbox network allowlist
\f2\b0 \'a0that controls what my web_fetch tool can access.\cb1 \
\cb7 The allowlist is baked into this Dispatch session and won't change regardless of settings you toggle now. Look at the error \'97 it lists the exact same fixed set of domains it's always had.\cb1 \
\cb7 Let's stop fighting this. Three working alternatives:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f3\b \cf4 \cb7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Write the community research doc now
\f2\b0 \'a0from the web search data I already gathered (8 searches worth of findings). That's ready.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f3\b \cb7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Use the Lifting Tracker project session
\f2\b0 \'a0for YouTube \'97 it was created after your settings change and should have the updated allowlist. Is it still running or did it hit the usage limit again?\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f3\b \cb7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Download the transcript yourself
\f2\b0 \'a0\'97 youtubetranscript.com, paste URL, save to\'a0
\f4\fs21\fsmilli10800 \cf9 \cb10 ~/lifting-tracker/docs/reference/
\f2\fs21 \cf4 \cb7 . Takes 2 minutes.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb7 Which do you want?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb8 The project task already read the transcript and is done, did you not see that?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb7 You're right \'97 it's done. The project session completed all three research tasks:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf4 \cb7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}
\f5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9989 
\f2  YouTube transcript fetched (full 10-hour course, 20,888 segments) \'97 extracted Claude Code patterns: WAT framework, CLAUDE.md discipline, model strategy (Sonnet 80%, Opus for architecture), session management, parallel session cap at 3\'964\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}
\f5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9989 
\f2  Anthropic engineering patterns from ~/Concept \'97 read and mapped to D19\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}
\f5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9989 
\f2  Three of four Anthropic URLs fetched and processed (the fourth was gated behind a form)\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb7 Everything compiled into\'a0
\f4\fs21\fsmilli10800 \cf9 \cb10 docs/reference/best-practices-review.md
\f2\fs21 \cf4 \cb7 \'a0(223 lines). Five gaps identified before Sprint 6 that are worth closing.\cb1 \
\cb7 The session is now asking you whether to make the review doc into an interactive artifact \'97 option A (enhanced viewer) or option B (review tracker with checklists). It recommended B.\cb1 \
\cb7 Meanwhile I still need to write the community research doc from my web searches. Want me to do that now while you answer the artifact question in the project session?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb8 can I just get your memory, copy it, then start a new dispatch session? It seems like there should be some way to correct this, because I need you, dispatch, to kick things off rather than me have to do it in the projects task\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb7 Memory is already persistent \'97 you don't need to copy it. It auto-loads into any new Dispatch session. Here's what's saved:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf4 \cb7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
User background (architect, systems engineer, MBA)\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Attribution rule (frontmatter + copyright)\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Workspace split (Dispatch = strategy, Code = implementation)\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Project state (all current docs, what's done, what's next)\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Autonomous work preference\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Anthropic docs check rule\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb7 To start a new Dispatch with updated network settings:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf4 \cb7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Click\'a0
\f3\b Dispatch
\f2\b0 \'a0in the left sidebar\cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Open the dropdown menu (the one that showed "Delete conversation" earlier)\cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Click\'a0
\f3\b Delete conversation
\f2\b0 \cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Dispatch resets to empty with a fresh input\cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
New Dispatch session inherits memory + your updated network settings\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb7 The new Dispatch won't remember our conversation text, but it will have all the memory files and can read\'a0
\f4\fs21\fsmilli10800 \cf9 \cb10 docs/dispatch-handoff.md
\f2\fs21 \cf4 \cb7 \'a0for full context on the first message. Functionally identical to what I know now, just a fresh network allowlist.\cb1 \
\cb7 Go ahead and delete. The handoff is solid.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb8 We need a new dispatch-handoff.md if we do this AND I need the prompt for you as well\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs18 \cf5 \cb3 Read\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs21 \cf4 \cb7 Handoff doc updated and pushed (commit\'a0
\f4\fs21\fsmilli10800 \cf9 \cb10 d7f335f
\f2\fs21 \cf4 \cb7 ).\cb1 \
\cb7 Here's your prompt to paste as the first message in the new Dispatch session:\cb1 \
\
\cb7 Read ~/lifting-tracker/docs/dispatch-handoff.md for full context. You are the Dispatch orchestrator for the Lifting Tracker project (first sub-system of XRSize4 ALL). Your job is to spawn and monitor Claude Code tasks, coordinate parallel workstreams, and handle strategy/planning discussions. Eric drives from his phone.\cb1 \
\cb7 Immediate priorities:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0\cf4 \cb7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Compile the community research doc at docs/reference/community-research.md \'97 the previous Dispatch session gathered 8 web searches of data on: offline-first libraries (WatermelonDB vs PowerSync vs AsyncStorage), Supabase RLS pitfalls, Expo EAS Build gotchas, magic-link auth deep linking issues, migration best practices, starter templates, and Claude Code real-world lessons. Search again and compile findings with links and quotes.\cb1 \
\ls6\ilvl0\cb7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
After research is compiled, begin Sprint 0 implementation \'97 but first confirm Docker and Supabase CLI are installed on this Mac. If not, walk Eric through the install steps, then spawn Code tasks for Expo scaffolding and schema deployment.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb7 Work autonomously. Don't ask permission for routine work.\cb1 \
\
\cb7 Delete this Dispatch, paste that in the new one, and you're back up with full context and YouTube access.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs18 \cf7 \cb11 6:31 PM\cb1 \
\cb11 6:31 PM\cb1 \
}